Kalos Champion Ribbon
Champion Ribbon
Sinnoh Champion Ribbon
Best Friends Ribbon
Training Ribbon
Skillful Battler Ribbon
Expert Battler Ribbon
Effort Ribbon
Alert Ribbon
Shock Ribbon
Downcast Ribbon
Careless Ribbon
Relax Ribbon
Snooze Ribbon
Smile Ribbon
Gorgeous Ribbon
Royal Ribbon
Gorgeous Royal Ribbon
Artist Ribbon
Footprint Ribbon
Record Ribbon
Legend Ribbon
Country Ribbon
National Ribbon
Earth Ribbon
World Ribbon
Classic Ribbon
Premier Ribbon
Event Ribbon
Birthday Ribbon
Special Ribbon
Souvenir Ribbon
Wishing Ribbon
Battle Champion Ribbon
Regional Champion Ribbon
National Champion Ribbon
World Champion Ribbon
Contest Memory Ribbon
Battle Memory Ribbon
A Ribbon awarded for beating the Kalos Champion\nand entering the Kalos Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon awarded for clearing the Pokémon League\nand entering the Hall of Fame in another region.
A Ribbon awarded for beating the Sinnoh Champion\nand entering the Sinnoh Hall of Fame.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon with which\nyou share a close and meaningful bond.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon that has\novercome rigorous trials and training.
A Ribbon that can be given to a Pokémon that has\nachieved victory in difficult battles.
A Ribbon that can be given to a brave Pokémon\nthat has honed its battle skills to an art.
A Ribbon awarded for being an exceptionally\nhard worker.
A Ribbon for recalling an invigorating\nevent that created life energy.
A Ribbon for recalling a thrilling\nevent that made life more exciting.
A Ribbon for recalling feelings of\nsadness that added spice to life.
A Ribbon for recalling a careless error\nthat helped steer life decisions.
A Ribbon for recalling a refreshing\nevent that added sparkle to life.
A Ribbon for recalling a deep\nslumber that made life soothing.
A Ribbon for recalling that smiles\nenrich the quality of life.
An extraordinarily gorgeous and extravagant Ribbon.
An incredibly regal Ribbon with an air of nobility.
A gorgeous and regal Ribbon\nthat is the peak of fabulous.
A Ribbon awarded for being chosen as a super\nsketch model in the Hoenn region.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon deemed\nto have a top-quality footprint.
A Ribbon awarded for setting an incredible record.
A Ribbon awarded for setting a legendary record.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon League Champion.
A Ribbon awarded for overcoming\nall difficult challenges.
A Ribbon awarded for winning 100 battles in a row.
A Ribbon awarded to a Pokémon League Champion.
A Ribbon that proclaims love for Pokémon.
A Ribbon awarded for a special holiday.
A Ribbon awarded for participating in a special\nPokémon event.
A Ribbon that commemorates a birthday.
A special Ribbon for a special day.
A Ribbon for cherishing a special memory.
A Ribbon said to make your wish come true.
A Ribbon awarded to a Battle Competition Champion.
A Ribbon awarded to a Regional Champion in the\nPokémon World Championships.
A Ribbon awarded to a National Champion in the\nPokémon World Championships.
A Ribbon awarded to a World Champion in the\nPokémon World Championships.
A commemorative Ribbon representing all of the\nRibbons you collected in far-off lands for Contests.
A commemorative Ribbon representing all of the\nRibbons you collected in far-off lands for battling.
